Back when we were looking for furniture, we
didn't want to spend a whole lot of money,
but we still wanted our home to at least look put
together. What we ended up doing was we basically
sourced all of our stuff from two places. Two
widely available brands, everyone's favorite
Swedish furniture store, Ikea, and Japanese
label Muji. So, how did everything hold up after
8 years? Did they live up to our expectations? Is
there anything we regret buying? Let's find out.
Entering our front door, we are greeted by
these bar chairs, which might be the only
normal chairs in our home today. This is where
we have breakfast, where we have our tea breaks,
and sometimes they are a lifesaver when we are
sick and don't have the energy to sit upright
without support. They can be folded and stowed
away to save space, but we have never actually
utilized that. They get a bit creaky over time,
so it helps to retighten the screws every once
in a while. Overall, they're perfectly fine, they
serve their purpose, and we wouldn't mind getting
these again. The next item are these step stools,
which we've gotten a lot of questions about over
the years. These are possibly our most versatile,
and most frequently used pieces of furniture.
They can be used as they're designed, as a stool or
a step ladder, and we've also used them as a
makeshift floor desk, a makeshift kneeling stool,
or as workout equipment. They are stackable,
easy to move around, and we like its clean,
minimal look. But here's the sad part. They
have been discontinued, so they're not going to
be easy to find. 10 out of 10, we would definitely
buy these again. In fact, if we knew they would
be discontinued, we might as well have gotten a
couple more because they are so useful around the
house without taking up much space. Next are these
comfortable bean bags. We lounge in these. We take
naps in these. They have these microbeads which
make them feel soft and fluffy, and supposedly,
they don't lose their volume as quickly compared
to regular bean bags. We would say they've held up
reasonably well after 8 years of use. But as to be
expected, they're a lot less plump compared to day
one. The covers are washable, but they can get a
bit warm if you're lying down on the part with a
synthetic fabric. Overall, we've really enjoyed
these. And even though we've had the opportunity
to try many different floor seats over the years,
bean bags still have a place in our home
as they're the most suitable for lounging.
They're not the most space efficient compared to
our other seating options, but we would definitely
miss them if they were gone. So, we would still
want to have at least one of these around. The
next two items are simple, relatively inexpensive
shelves in the living room. There's really not
much to say about these. If you like the way
they look and if you need some shelf space,
these would get the job done. But if we were to
do it over again today, we might consider having
one larger stationary shelf instead. Originally,
we had the idea that we could wheel the projector
into our bedroom if we wanted to, but we have
never done that once in the years we've been here.
Our verdict, these were appropriate purchases
back then and have served their purpose well, but
we may consider making a change to these moving
forward. In the kitchen, we have our pegboard,
which is another one of our favorites in these
series. Pegboards are obviously very versatile
with their modular flexibility, and we have seen
them look good in a bunch of different settings,
whether it's in the kitchen or in an office
setup. In our case, the biggest advantage of a
pegboard is that it doesn't protrude from the
wall that much, providing storage space along
this narrow walkway, allowing us to conveniently
access frequently used cooking utensils. Also,
this wood finish suits our kitchen really
well, so we would definitely buy these again.
Moving on to our bedroom. When we were shopping
for a wardrobe, we either didn't like the
off-the-shelf options that were available or they
didn't fit into this little nook of our bedroom.
So, we had to be a bit creative and I think
we found a good balance with this solution.
A simple clothes rack and these modular plastic
boxes. We've had a lot of questions about an open
wardrobe and the problem of dust. Naturally, yes,
there will be dust. That's why we keep our most
frequently worn clothes out and less frequently
worn clothes inside the plastic drawers. We
actually started with a shorter stack of boxes,
but then realized we could use a bit more space,
and that's when we got a couple more, which is
a good example of why we like having modular
storage. The only minor complaint we have with
these lightweight boxes is balance. We can't
just carelessly pull the drawers out too far or
the weight of the clothes will cause it to topple
over. But it is what it is and we can't do much
about that. In the end, for this specific nook,
we like what we have come up with, but we will
keep our options open if our wardrobe was in a
different spot of the house. Our storage bed has
also been a solid purchase so far. As a bed frame,
it's sturdy and has a simple, understated
aesthetic. We like that it's relatively low
profile compared to most other bed frames. And of
course, having additional storage has been really
helpful. So no complaints, would buy again.
The next item are these storage cabinets in
our office. You can see a recurring theme here.
These are also modular, and we might just need to
add a bit more storage soon. These cabinets work
and look okay, but honestly, these are clearly
not designed to be high-quality furniture.
Things get misaligned here and there. So,
if you have a bit of OCD, this may not be the best
choice. If we were starting with a blank slate,
we might look around a bit more to see if there
are more solid options. But since we already have
these, we don't really mind expanding the storage
using the same system. It gets the job done.
And lastly, what used to be in this office
were our floor desks and chairs, which have
since been repurposed and reallocated to the
living room. Starting with the floor chairs,
these have a very solid folding mechanism that
still works great to this day. There were a lot
of questions about toppling over when leaning
back, but the answer is no, you won't unless you
are weirdly top-heavy. We have them in both small
and large sizes. And for some reason, the washable
cover of the large one shrank after we washed it,
and now we can no longer zip it up. Generally,
both of us prefer the smaller one. Anyway, it's a
bit more space efficient, cost efficient, and even
for my bigger-sized butt, I find the smaller chair
to be slightly more comfortable. But the thing is,
while we really enjoyed these over the years,
we're not sure where it fits in our home today.
For work, we no longer sit on floor chairs with
back rests. And for lounging, they're not exactly
as comfortable as the bean bags. So, we would say
that these were appropriate purchases at the time,
but we may not purchase these again today. But one
thing they have going for them is that they pair
so well with the next item, which are these tables
that we have converted into floor tables. We have
these in two sizes. One is a dining table and two
are coffee tables. The dining tables' legs are in
their original form while the other two sets of
legs have been shortened. These are actually not
100% compatible with each other like we thought,
but they will fit with some fiddling and a lot of
elbow grease. Recently, we had a record number of
family members over at our place. And thankfully,
we were able to accommodate by setting up
two floor tables, one large and one small,
with everyone sitting on the different floor
cushions that we have. When we're not hosting, the
large one is more commonly used as our ping pong
table. All in all, these look good, we have gotten
good use out of them, and they can be collapsed
and stowed away when not in use, so I think we
have no complaints about buying these again. So,
hopefully this has given you ideas for your home
and answered some questions about the products
in this video. Is there anything else you'd like
us to take a deeper look at in a future video?
What other products in Ikea and Muji's catalog do
you think would look good in our home? Let us know
in the comments and we'll see you again very soon.